Hi within this lecture re going to see how we can create an advertisement a count from Google and how
we can integrate those SD KS into our project to show an ad to the user so that we can make a money
out of our apps.
So I'm going to create a new test project in order to do that but of course you can't do that with your
own projects if you have a finished project that you want to bring an ad in you can work on that as
well.
So I'm going to name this Google ad MAP test and we're going to use this ad map structure in order to
show advertisements.
So let me create this project.
Okay.
And we're not going to do much in this project in fact we're only going to have only one button in which
we will display some advertisements to the users when they click on the button to go into the next step
or next we have control or next level of a game for example they will see a full screen size at.
So that's what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to bring in one button.
I'm not going to make it so complicated because we're going to focus on advertisements and we have learned
how to do other things like creating second screens and stuff.
So let me bring in this button and let me name this something like next.
So let me make this a little bit bigger and put it in the center of the screen right.
And I'm going to name this next.
And supposedly our user will just hit on this next button to go into the next screen but I'm going to
show them an ad first.
So let me open my weave controller and let me bring in this next button.
So I'm going to call this next clicked.
OK.
So that's where we're going to show our ads.
So first of all I don't need to do anything here because first of all I need to bring in my as the case.
And before we do that we need to create an account.
So let me go to Google and we're going to search for ad mob IRS.
OK.
So ad mob IO Us this one.
So if you hit enter you will see like Amelia results.
But we want the first one.
So this is what we want.
Developers dot google dot com.
So this is again a service by Google.
And if somehow you end up in the first page of this Google ad mob of course you can click on us link
to go into our IOW main page as well.
And since Google is one of the biggest advertisers in the world we will have no problem finding ads
for our apps using this ad map.
OK.
So that's why we're working with Google right now.
And as you can see if you're using firebase you have to use another SDK as instructed in here.
So Google actually owns fly your base and ads map.
So these two services synchronize together very well.
So if you're working with five your base you have to work with another part and 90 percent of what we're
going to do is the same actually.
But rather than using the Google mobile ads SDK you have to use Firebase ad mob SDK in order to reach
the same solution.
But in here I'm just going to assume that you're not using fi you're raising your app and I will show
you how to work with mobile ads SDK and after watching this section you will be able to adjust it so
that you can use it in your file your basic count as well.
Just following the instructions over here easily.
So come over here and as you can see we have some prerequisites.
And it says that you have to create an ad mob account and register your app in order to start working.
So that's what we were going to do.
So let me open this create an ad mob account link.
OK.
And here you will be asked some questions.
So it says that do you have an ad sense a count or do you have on the Google ads a count.
So I will assume you don't have any of those.
So we are going to start from scratch and if you open this it will give you a link called apps that
add mob dot com and you have to go to that link and give your Country Time Zone and preferred Carisi.
OK so let me open this link and it's very easy to sign up since I already have an account.
It will open my account directly but you can't just sign in with your gmail account or Google account
and if you don't have any Gmail account yet please open one so that you can use it in Firebase and add
map as well.
And then you can provide your country time zone and preferred currency so that you can create your add
maybe account and you can start working on it.
So once you do that it will bring you a page like this as you can see I have a test app installed in
my edX map and as you can see my account is approved.
So if this is the first time that you're creating this account they may ask some documentation to prove
that you're really the person that you claim to be after you do that.
Like if you provide your bank account details or if you provide your passport number or something it
will be approved so that you can start earning money out of Google.
Okay.
So here we see this statistic of my app.
And as you can see it doesn't make any money.
So I believe it's just a failing over here but it's just a test app.
So what do you want to do is to he come over here I say add a new app.
Once you do that it will ask you if you have already published your app.
And in my case it's not published so I'm going to say no if it's published it will ask you for App Store
idea or Google Play I.D. So my name my app name will be something like app Google App Store test ok
or add more tests.
So I'm going to call this Google ad more U.S. test and platform is IRS of course.
And it will just create the app and it will give me something called app I.D..
So this is what I need to make money.
So I need to use this in my code so that I can relate my ads with my own app.
OK so either take a copy take note of this or just copy it because we are going to use it later on.
And if you say create an ad unit it will give you some page to create ad units and this will give you
some ideas to use in your app.
But I'm not going to do that now if you click on it.
It's very easy you can just choose an ad format and create it.
We are going to see what our ad formats and where you're going to see how we can do that later on.
But right now I just want to move forward because in order to do that I need to get the SD KS into my
X code project and start connecting my X code project with my ADD MORE account so that I can integrate
all these apps into my app.
So let's close this down and my app is already installed over here so I can see the details and once
I am ready I can come over here to create ad units.
OK so let's continue.
As you can see it asks us to bring in some parts so we know how this works right.
We need to create a pod file and copy this into our pod file to install it.
So let's do that.
In fact let me close this down rather than minimizing it because we're going to work with our pod file.
And let me open my terminal and make this a little bit bigger since you know how this works.
I'm going to be quick over here.
You know how to work with terminal at this point I believe.
So I'm going to go into my folder and it's in the IO is complete and it's in the Google ad test.
So once I'm over here I can run part of it and it will create a path file for me.
So let me go and find my path file in my folders as well.
So let me come over here.
Yep that is the one.
So let me open this with text edit and here you go.
Now wi fi make does a little bit bigger we can't see better and under this use frameworks.
I can just paste in what I have copied.
So let me save this and let me around of the install.
So this will create the path for me.
This will download the pod for me and integrate in my project.
So let me go back to documentation while it happens.
And after we're done with our download process we are going to have to take care of our info that people
list as well harder to connect our project with our Ed mob account.
So this is what we have to do.
This is what we have to add to our team for the police.
And where are you going to do it in the source code.
So we have to get our app I.D. from this my bank account as well in order to do that.
So let me see.
Yep.
It's downloaded.
So let me open my projects over here OK.
And since now it's already integrated in my project I'm going to go ahead to my info that P list and
add this line into my info that people list.
So let me copy all of the things from here.
OK.
And we haven't seen the change of the source code before we have worked with regular info that P list
way.
But right now we're going to change this passcode.
So let me cope with this and go back here and right click on my info the p list and say source code
rather than property list.
So here here you see the example like the representation of the info the p lists rather than its regular
representation so you can just paste this JDL application identifier and you can come over here to appropriate
to list and you can see this is integrated into my info that P listed as it is.
So this is what we have to change really.
So let me come back to our settings.
Oh not the actual settings.
In fact we have to go inside of the app.
Okay.
Rather than this publisher idea we want the idea of the app itself.
So let me go back to our home and inside of our app and in the app you have to find these settings of
the app itself.
So here is our app I.D. so you can copy it from here.
I'm pasted in this info that P lists file but I'm not going to do that because if we do that these ads
won't show up.
We can't test that because this app I.D. is only active once we installed the app to the App Store and
even we have to wait 24 hours to be active.
So rather than using this app idea I'm going to use the test I.D. that is given to me over here so that
I can test my ads.
So I'm going to cope with this and I'm going to change it back to this original test I.D..
But before uploading your app to the App Store don't forget it because until you change it to your real
app I.D. You won't be able to connect your app to your real adamant account.
So I'm just going to go with this test idea and then change it later on once I'm ready.
So let me stop you from within the next lecture reading to see how we can bring in the ad retirement's
into our project as well.